Add environment variables to support bundle (#2073)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.receiver.syslog.md

---
canonical: https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.receiver.syslog/
description: Learn about otelcol.receiver.syslog
title: otelcol.receiver.syslog
---

# otelcol.receiver.syslog

`otelcol.receiver.syslog` accepts OTLP-formatted data over the network and
forwards it to other `otelcol.*` components.

> > **NOTE**: `otelcol.receiver.syslog` is a wrapper over the upstream
> > OpenTelemetry Collector `otlp` receiver. Bug reports or feature requests will
> > be redirected to the upstream repository, if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
 `otelcol.receiver.syslog` is a wrapper over the upstream  OpenTelemetry Collector `otlp` receiver. Bug reports or feature requests will be redirected to the upstream repository, if necessary.
{{< /admonition >}}
```

> Multiple `otelcol.receiver.syslog` components can be specified by giving them
> different labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify multiple `otelcol.receiver.syslog` components by giving them different labels.
```
